Document NETSDK1202 (#37422)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/sdk-errors/netsdk1202.md

---
title: "NETSDK1202: workload is out of support and will not receive security updates in the future"
description: Learn about .NET SDK warning NETSDK1202, which occurs when a project depends on an optional workload that is out of support.
ms.topic: error-reference
ms.date: 10/10/2023
f1_keywords:
- NETSDK1202
---

> # NETSDK1202: workload is out of support and will not receive security updates in the future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NETSDK1202: Workload is out of support and will not receive security updates in the future
```

NETSDK1202 indicates your project is using an optional workload that is out of

> support. An example of this would be using `net6.0` target frameworks in a .NET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support. An example of this is if you use `net6.0` target frameworks in a .NET
```

> support. An example of this, would be using `net6.0` target frameworks in a .NET

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
support. An example of this would be using `net6.0` target frameworks in a .NET
```

MAUI application:

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">
  <PropertyGroup>
    <TargetFrameworks>net6.0-android;net6.0-ios;net6.0-maccatalyst;net6.0-windows10.0.19041.0</TargetFrameworks>
```

> The best solution would be to update to a newer, supported `TargetFramework`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best solution is to update to a newer, supported `TargetFramework`,
```

> such as `net7.0`, `net8.0`, etc. Note that using a .NET 8 SDK and .NET 8 MAUI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
such as `net7.0` or `net8.0`. Note that using a .NET 8 SDK and .NET 8 MAUI
```

optional workload does not support building `net6.0` applications in any form,

> and so this is a hard requirement when using the latest .NET SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
so this is a hard requirement when using the latest .NET SDK.
```

You can continue building `net6.0` .NET MAUI applications with a .NET 6 or .NET
7 SDK in an unsupported fashion. Additionally, you can opt out of the warning in
a project with the setting:

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <CheckEolWorkloads>false</CheckEolWorkloads>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> See the [.NET MAUI support policy](https://aka.ms/maui-support-policy) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the .NET MAUI product lifecycle, see [.NET MAUI support policy](https://aka.ms/maui-support-policy).
```

> details about the .NET MAUI product lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
